Identity provider API refresh (#11735)
microsoftgraph/microsoft-graph-docs: api-reference/beta/resources/openidconnectidentityprovider.md

---
title: "openIdConnectIdentityProvider resource type"
description: "Represents OpenIDConnect identity providers in an Azure Active Directory B2C tenant."
localization_priority: Normal
doc_type: resourcePageType
ms.prod: "identity-and-sign-in"
author: "namkedia"
---

# openIdConnectIdentityProvider resource type

Namespace: microsoft.graph

[!INCLUDE [beta-disclaimer](../../includes/beta-disclaimer.md)]

Represents OpenID Connect identity providers in an Azure Active Directory B2C tenant.

> Configuring an OpenID Connect provider in B2C tenant enables users to sign up and sign in using their custom identity provider in an application.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Configuring an OpenID Connect provider in a B2C tenant enables users to sign up and sign in using their custom identity provider in an application.
```

## Methods

| Method       | Return Type  |Description|
|:---------------|:--------|:----------|
|[List](../api/identityprovider-list.md)|[identityProvider](identityprovider.md) collection|Retrieve all identity providers configured in a tenant.|
|[Create](../api/identityprovider-post-identityproviders.md)|[identityProvider](identityprovider.md)|Create a new OpenID Connect identity provider.|
|[Get](../api/identityprovider-get.md) |[identityProvider](identityprovider.md)|Retrieve properties of an OpenID Connect identity provider.|
|[Update](../api/identityprovider-update.md)|None|Update an OpenID Connect identity provider.|
|[Delete](../api/identityprovider-delete.md)|None|Delete an OpenID Connect identity provider.|
|[List available provider types](../api/identityprovider-list-availableprovidertypes.md)|String collection|Retrieve all available identity provider types.|

## Properties

|Property|Type|Description|
|:---------------|:--------|:----------|

> |clientId|String|The client ID for the application obtained when registering the application with the identity provider. Inherited from [identityProvider](../resources/identityprovider.md). Required.|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|clientId|String|The client identifier for the application obtained when registering the application with the identity provider. Inherited from [identityProvider](../resources/identityprovider.md). Required.|
```

> |clientSecret|String|The client secret for the application obtained when registering the application with the identity provider. The clientSecret has a dependency on **responseType**. <ul><li>When **responseType** is `code`, a secret is required for the auth code exchange.</li><li>When **responseType** is `id_token` the secret is not required because there is no code exchange—the id_token is returned directly from the authorization response.</li></ul> This is write-only. A read operation returns "\*\*\*\*". Inherited from [identityProvider](../resources/identityprovider.md).|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|clientSecret|String|The client secret for the application obtained when registering the application with the identity provider. The clientSecret has a dependency on **responseType**. When **responseType** is `code`, a secret is required for the auth code exchange. When **responseType** is `id_token` the secret is not required because there is no code exchange, the `id_token` is returned directly from the authorization response. This is write-only. A read operation returns "\*\*\*\*". Inherited from [identityProvider](../resources/identityprovider.md).|
```

> |id|String|The ID of the identity provider. Read-only. Required.|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|id|String|The identifier of the identity provider. Read-only. Required.|
```

|displayName|String|The display name of the identity provider. Read-only. Required.|
|identityProviderType|String|The identity provider type. It must be `OpenIDConnect`. Read-only. Required.|
|claimsMapping|[claimsMapping](claimsmapping.md)|After the OIDC provider sends an ID token back to Azure AD, Azure AD needs to be able to map the claims from the received token to the claims that Azure AD recognizes and uses. This complex type captures that mapping. Required.|

> |domainHint|String|The domain hint can be used to skip directly to the sign in page of the specified identity provider, instead of having the user make a selection among the list of available identity providers.|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|domainHint|String|The domain hint can be used to skip directly to the sign-in page of the specified identity provider, instead of having the user make a selection among the list of available identity providers.|
```

|metadataUrl|String|The URL for the metadata document of the OpenID Connect identity provider. Every OpenID Connect identity provider describes a metadata document that contains most of the information required to perform sign-in. This includes information such as the URLs to use and the location of the service's public signing keys. The OpenID Connect metadata document is always located at an endpoint that ends in `.well-known/openid-configuration`. Provide the metadata URL for the OpenID Connect identity provider you add. Read-only. Required.|

> |responseMode|String|The response mode defines the method used to send data back from the custom identity provider to Azure AD B2C. The following response modes can be used: <ul><li>`form_post` : This response mode is recommended for best security. The response is transmitted via the HTTP POST method, with the code or token being encoded in the body using the application/x-www-form-urlencoded format.</li><li>`query` : The code or token is returned as a query parameter.</li></ul> Required.|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|responseMode|String|The response mode defines the method used to send data back from the custom identity provider to Azure AD B2C. Possible values: `form_post`, `query`. Required.|
```

> |responseMode|String|The response mode defines the method used to send data back from the custom identity provider to Azure AD B2C. The following response modes can be used: <ul><li>`form_post` : This response mode is recommended for best security. The response is transmitted via the HTTP POST method, with the code or token being encoded in the body using the application/x-www-form-urlencoded format.</li><li>`query` : The code or token is returned as a query parameter.</li></ul> Required.|

Reviewer: If descriptions are needed for values, add a table after the properties table. See the second option here: https://dev.azure.com/msazure/One/_wiki/wikis/Microsoft%20Graph%20Partners/103158/Enumerations

> |responseType|String|The response type describes the type of information sent back in the initial call to the authorization_endpoint of the custom identity provider. The following response types can be used:<ul><li> `code` : As per the authorization code flow, a code will be returned back to Azure AD B2C. Azure AD B2C proceeds to call the token_endpoint to exchange the code for the token.</li><li> `id_token` : An ID token is returned back to Azure AD B2C from the custom identity provider. </li><li>`token` : An access token is returned back to Azure AD B2C from the custom identity provider. (This value is not supported by Azure AD B2C at the moment)</li></ul> Required.|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|responseType|String|The response type describes the type of information sent back in the initial call to the authorization_endpoint of the custom identity provider. Possible values: `code` , `id_token` , `token`.  Required.|
```

> |responseType|String|The response type describes the type of information sent back in the initial call to the authorization_endpoint of the custom identity provider. The following response types can be used:<ul><li> `code` : As per the authorization code flow, a code will be returned back to Azure AD B2C. Azure AD B2C proceeds to call the token_endpoint to exchange the code for the token.</li><li> `id_token` : An ID token is returned back to Azure AD B2C from the custom identity provider. </li><li>`token` : An access token is returned back to Azure AD B2C from the custom identity provider. (This value is not supported by Azure AD B2C at the moment)</li></ul> Required.|

Reviewer: If descriptions are needed for values, add a table after the properties table. See the second option here: https://dev.azure.com/msazure/One/_wiki/wikis/Microsoft%20Graph%20Partners/103158/Enumerations
